Document s3 compatible storage docker compose (#942)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/deploy/risingwave-docker-compose.md

Now run the following commands to navigate to the `docker` directory and start the cluster from the pre-defined docker-compose file.

### Start a cluster on minio
The default storage backend is minio, to start the cluster, 

```shell
cd docker
docker compose up -d
```
### Start a cluster on other s3 compatible object storage

> If you want to deploy RisingWave on other s3 compatible storage, fill in your `bucket name` in `risingwave/docker/docker-compose-s3-compatible.yml`, and config the `region`, `endpoint`, `access key` and `secret key` in risingwave/docker/s3-compatible.env (note that the `endpoint` cannot contain bucket-name). Then

Author: Will add code link after https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/pull/10074 merged.

Now run the following commands to navigate to the `docker` directory and start the cluster from the pre-defined docker-compose file.

> ### Start a cluster on MinIO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Start a RisingWave cluster using MinIO
```

To use MinIO as the storage backend, run:

```shell
cd docker
docker compose up -d
```

> ### Start a cluster on other s3 compatible object storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Start a cluster on other S3-compatible object storage systems
```

> If you want to deploy RisingWave on other s3 compatible storage, you need to customize these configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy RisingWave using other S3-compatible storage systems, you need to customize these configurations.
```

> * Fill in your `bucket-name` [here](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/blob/09cfe81dc8e230969b7b2e6f4883feb59f59a186/docker/docker-compose-s3.yml#L194).

Reviewer 2: @CharlieSYH I feel [here] might not be the best way to present the info. I may make people feel that they need to go into the public github folder, but it actually means is to edit the docker-compose-s3.yml file that in the downloaded directory, and the link may be obsolete soon (or already). @wcy-fdu Am I correct?

Author: I think the link is stable now, and in the future all s3&s3-compatible storage will use this file. Anyways, feel free to edit or fix, personally I think this pr can be merged.

> * Config the `region`, `endpoint`, `access key` and `secret key` in [risingwave/docker/aws.env](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/blob/main/docker/aws.env). Note that the `endpoint` cannot contain bucket names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure `region`, `endpoint`, `access key`, and `secret key` in [risingwave/docker/aws.env](https://github.com/risingwavelabs/risingwave/blob/main/docker/aws.env). Note that `endpoint` cannot contain bucket names.
```

Then run:

```shell
cd docker
docker compose -f docker-compose-s3.yml up -d
```

## Connect to RisingWave

After RisingWave is up and running, you need to connect to it via the Postgres interactive terminal `psql` so that you can issue queries to RisingWave and see the query results.

```shell
psql -h localhost -p 4566 -d dev -U root
```

> You can now [connect a streaming source to RisingWave](sql/commands/sql-create-source.md) and [issue SQL queries to manage your data](risingwave-sql-101.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now [connect a streaming source to RisingWave](/sql/commands/sql-create-source.md) and [issue SQL queries to manage your data](/risingwave-sql-101.md).
```

> You can now [connect a streaming source to RisingWave](/sql/commands/sql-create-source.md) and [issue SQL queries to manage your data](/risingwave-sql-101.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can ingest and transform streaming data. See [Quick start](/get-started.md) for details.
```
